ICS 28 CCV draft w/ init and validator set update (#640)
cosmos/ibc: spec/app/ics-028-cross-chain-validation/system_model_and_properties.md

The following assumption defines the guarantee on unbonding operations that CCV expects to be provided by the Staking module. 

> - **Staking Safety** Let `UO` be any unbonding operation that starts with an unboding transaction being executed and completes with the event that returns the corresponding stake. Let `vsc(UO)` be the VSC that contains the validator update corresponding to `UO`. Then, `UO` MUST NOT complete on the provider chain before the provider chain registers notifications of `vsc(UO)`'s maturity from all consumer chains. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Staking Safety** Let `UO` be any unbonding operation that starts with an unbonding transaction being executed and completes with the event that returns the corresponding stake. Let `vsc(UO)` be the VSC that contains the validator update corresponding to `UO`. Then, `UO` MUST NOT complete on the provider chain before the provider chain registers notifications of `vsc(UO)`'s maturity from all consumer chains. 
```

[&uparrow; Back to main document](./README.md)

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Outline
- [Assumptions](#assumptions)
- [Desired Properties](#desired-properties)
  - [Validator sets, validator updates and VSCs](#validator-sets-validator-updates-and-vscs)
  - [Staking Module Interface](#staking-module-interface)
  - [Validator Set Update](#validator-set-update)
- [Correctness Reasoning](#correctness-reasoning)

## Assumptions
[&uparrow; Back to Outline](#outline)

CCV lives between IBC, Cosmos SDK, and the Staking module. 
In this section we specify what we assume about these other components, 
i.e., CCV relies on the following assumptions: *Valid Blockchain*, *Correct Relayer*, *Validator Update Provision*, and *Unbonding Safety*. 

Intuitively, CCV safety relies on the *Valid Blockchain* assumption, and CCV liveness relies on the *Correct Relayer* assumption. 
The *Validator Update Provision* and *Unbonding Safety* assumptions define what is needed from the provider Staking module. 
A more thorough discussion of the environment in which CCV operates is given in the section [Placing CCV within Cosmos SDK](./technical_specification.md#placing-ccv-within-cosmos-sdk).

> - ***Valid Blockchain***: Both the provider and the consumer chains are *valid*. 
>   This means that the protocols are executed correctly and the underlying consensus algorithm satisfies both safety and liveness properties. 
>   For more details, take a look at the [Tendermint Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1807.04938.pdf).

Author: ```suggestion
- ***Safe Blockchain***: Both the provider and the consumer chains are *safe*. This means that, for every chain, the underlying consensus engine satisfies safety (e.g., the chain does not fork) and the execution of the state machine follows the described protocol. 

- ***Live Blockchain***: Both the provider and the consumer chains are *live*. This means that, for every chain, the underlying consensus engine satisfies liveness (i.e., new blocks are eventually added to the chain).

> **Note**: Both *Safe Blockchain* and *Live Blockchain* assumptions require the consensus engine's assumptions to hold, e.g., up to a third of validators can be Byzantine. For more details, take a look at the [Tendermint Paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1807.04938.pdf).
```

@josef-widder  do you agree with this re-def of the Valid Blockchain assumption? Clearly it must be made consistent throughout the spec.  

Note that *Live Blockchain* is needed only for liveness, while *Safe Blockchain* is needed for both, since *Correct Relayer* requires some state to be updated in order to make progress and *Correct Relayer* is needed for liveness.

> yet, `drift(S,D)` is not known at a chain level. 
> In practice, choosing `to` such that `to >> drift(S,D)` and `to >> RTmax`, e.g., `to = 4 weeks`, makes the *Correct Relayer* assumption feasible.

The following assumptions define the guarantees CCV expects from the provider Staking module. 
- ***Validator Update Provision***: Let `{U1, U2, ..., Ui}` be a batch of validator updates applied (by the provider Staking module) to the validator set of the provider chain at the end of a block `B` with timestamp `ts(B)`. 
  Then, the *first* batch of validator updates obtained (by the provider CCV module) from the provider Staking module at a time `t >= ts(B)` MUST be exactly the batch `{U1, U2, ..., Ui}`.

- ***Unbonding Safety***: Let `uo` be any unbonding operation that starts with an unboding transaction being executed 
  and completes with the event that returns the corresponding stake; 
  let `U(uo)` be the validator update caused by initiating `uo`; 
  let `vsc(uo)` be the VSC that contains `U(uo)`. 
  Then,
  - (*unbonding initiation*) the provider CCV module MUST be notified of `uo`'s initiation before receiving `U(uo)`;

>   - (*unbonding completion*) `uo` MUST NOT complete on the provider chain before the provider chain registers notifications of `vsc(uo)`'s maturity from all consumer chains.

Author: "the provider chain also elapses its unbonding period as well" is not needed by CCV, but by the Staking module. Thus, is out of the scope of this specification.
